This is an old todo list, taken from notes during developement, market comments and e-mails. Many of the issues are still valid and some have already been entered as issues, but they all need to be verified since at least some have been fixed in the latest builds:

From notes:
  * Keep quick ref up to date as cards are lost/gained on other people's turns
  * AI should buy x banes
  * Bane UI
  * Select two cards from hand triangles are too big on tablet
  * Native village first card doesn't have the right width
  * Don't confirm end turn if buys left but 0 coin (an option?)
  * Replay current cards
  * When the button says "Buy" and you hit "End turn", then "No", the button goes to "Select", not back to what it was

From market comments:
  * Issues: Secret Chamber only works once per hand. No blacklisting cards. Cant start new game without restart.
  * They should at least have a restart option, but they should also have the option to choose the decks.
  * Needs: "replay last setup", "select expansions to use". Could have: "select cards", "save/load named card set". Bonus: multi-player.
  * AI is good at big money but almost never curses.
  * My only complaints are about the AI differential and the lack of widescreen play.
  * Would like to see opponents turns more clearly
  * Would be nice to be able to control which decks were used, and perhaps some way to save a game part way through.
  * Wish there were a way to adjust AI difficulty. AI always uses the same routine.
  * Also would be nice to have a notification when a province is bought.
  * Would be better if game has start menu option at the first page, instead of relying on menu bttn
  * Please include other expansion decks and allow for more than 1 human player. Please allow to save game or come back to it. 30 min. In game gets reset!
  * It would be nice if the choices for militia, ghost ship, & torturer were all the same choose cards to keep.
  * Confused by some cards saying +2 gold when they mean coins, not +2 gold cards
  * It would be nice to have access to our logs and game records.

From e-mails:
  * Reactions should be optional 
  * Outpost turns should not count for tiebreaker 
  * Empty piles should not be selectable for "gain a card" actions 
  * TR'ing a Tactitian duplicates the card 
  * Native Village mat doesn't always show up 
  * When playing a pirate ship, you should be asked which treasure to trash 
  * When playing a thief, you should be asked which treasures to take only after all the cards have been trashed 
  * Arrows on selected cards disappear after scrolling 